Updates Documentation for Elasticsearch (#38)
triggermesh/docs: docs/targets/elasticsearch.md

# Event Target for Elasticsearch

> This event Target receives [CloudEvents][ce] over HTTP and indices their payload into [Elasticsearch.][es]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event Target receives [CloudEvents][ce] over HTTP and writes their payload to an [Elasticsearch][es] index.
```

## Prerequisites

> 1. If there is no pre-existing Elasticsearch cluster available, get started quickly by using either [Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes][eck] or [Elastic Cloud.][elasticcloud]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If there is no pre-existing Elasticsearch cluster available, get started quickly by using either [Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes][eck] or [Elastic Cloud][elasticcloud].
```

> 1. Retrieve the proper credentials in either of the following forms:
>     * User and password to the Elasticsearch cluster.
>     * An API Key instead of user and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Retrieve credentials for the Elasticsearch cluster in either of the following forms:
    * User and password
    * API Key
```

Consult the [Elasticsearch documentation][docs] for more information on Elasticsearch.

## Deploying an Instance of the Target

Open the Bridge creation screen and add a Target of type `Elasticsearch`.

![Adding a Elasticsearch Target](../images/elasticsearch-target/create-bridge-1.png)

In the Target creation form, give a name to the event Target and add the following information:

* **Index** : Name of the index to write documents to.
* **Addresses** : List of URLs of Elasticsearch servers.

> * **Skip verify** : Allows skipping the server certificate verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Skip verify** : Allow skipping the server certificate verification.
```

* **CA certificate** : CA certificate to be used by the event target's client, in PEM format.
* **Username**: Elasticsearch username.
* **Password**:  Reference a [TriggerMesh secret][tm-secret] containing a password to communicate with the Elasticsearch API, as described in the previous section.
* **API key**: Reference a [TriggerMesh secret][tm-secret] containing an API token to communicate with the Elasticsearch API, as described in the previous section.

When using a self-signed certificate you will need to either inform the **CA certificate** or set the **Skip verify** field.

![Elastic target form](../images/elasticsearch-target/create-bridge-2.png)

After clicking the `Save` button, the console will self-navigate to the Bridge editor. Proceed by adding the remaining components to the Bridge.

After submitting the Bridge, and allowing some configuration time, a green check mark on the main _Bridges_ page indicates that the Bridge with an Elasticsearch event Target was successfully created.

![Bridge status](../images/bridge-status-green.png)

For more information about using Elasticsearch, please refer to the [Elasticsearch documentation][docs].

## Event Types

> The Elasticsearch event Target expects a [JSON][ce-jsonformat] payload with the following properties:
> | Name  |  Type |  Comment |
> |---|---|---|
> |**message**|string||
> |**from**|string||
> |**some_number**|int||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Elasticsearch event target can consume events of any type.
```

# Event Target for Elasticsearch

> This event Target receives [CloudEvents][ce] over HTTP and indexs their payload into [Elasticsearch][es]

Reviewer: Typo

Reviewer: Missing dot.

> This event Target receives [CloudEvents][ce] over HTTP and indexs their payload into [Elasticsearch][es]

Reviewer 2: indexes

Reviewer 2: period

Reviewer 3: indices instead of indexes.

## Prerequisites

> 1. If there is not a pre-existing Elasticsearch cluster available, get started quickly by using either [Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes][eck] or [Elastic Cloud][elasticcloud]

Reviewer: "There is no"

Reviewer: Missing dot.

Reviewer: @cab105 do we need to replace the 2nd person in this imperative? If we do, the whole page needs a rewrite.

See also my comment on #34.

Reviewer 3: More than likely not in this case, however as per your comment https://github.com/triggermesh/docs/pull/29/files#r466502571 this should be consistent in the usage.

1. Retrieve the proper credentials in either of the following forms:
    * User and password to the Elasticsearch cluster.

>     * An APIKey instead of User and password.

Reviewer: "API key"

Reviewer: Lowercase user.

> Consort the [Elasticsearch documentation][docs] for more information on Elasticsearch.

Reviewer: "Consort"?

> Consort the [Elasticsearch documentation][docs] for more information on Elasticsearch.

Reviewer 2: Check the docs ...

Reviewer 3: I'm sure he meant consult.

## Deploying an Instance of the Target

> Open the Bridge creation screen and add a Target of type `Elastic`.

Reviewer: "Elasticsearch" (Elastic is the company that builds Elasticsearch).

> ![Adding a Elasticsearch Target](../images/elastic-target/create-bridge-1.png)

Reviewer: Please rename the directory to "elasticsearch-target" (Elastic is the company that builds Elasticsearch).

In the Target creation form, give a name to the event Target and add the following information:

> * **Index** : Location the documents will be indexed.

Reviewer: "Nane of the index to write documents to".

> * **Addresses** : Server address list.

Reviewer: "List of URLs of Elasticsearch servers."

* **Skip verify** : Allows skipping the server certificate verification.

> * **CA certificate** : For adding the PEM string for the certificate.

Reviewer: Just "CA certificate to be used by the event target's client, in PEM format."

* **Username**: Elasticsearch username.

> * **Password**:  Reference a [TriggerMesh secret][tm-secret] containing a Password to communicate with the Elasticsearch API, as described in the previous section.

Reviewer: Lowercase password.

* **API key**: Reference a [TriggerMesh secret][tm-secret] containing an API token to communicate with the Elasticsearch API, as described in the previous section.

When using a self-signed certificate you will need to either inform the **CA certificate** or set the **Skip verify** field.

![Elastic target form](../images/elastic-target/create-bridge-2.png)

After clicking the `Save` button, the console will self-navigate to the Bridge editor. Proceed by adding the remaining components to the Bridge.

> After submitting the bridge, and allowing some configuration time,  green check mark on the main _Bridges_ page indicates that the bridge with an Elasticsearch event Target was successfully created.

Reviewer 2: bridge or Bridge ?

Reviewer 2: extra space after "time, "

Reviewer: **a** green check mark.

![Bridge status](../images/bridge-status-green.png)

For more information about using Elasticsearch, please refer to the [Elasticsearch documentation][docs].

## Event Types

The Elasticsearch event Target can consume events of any type.

> This Target expects a [JSON][ce-jsonformat] payload with the following properties:

Reviewer: That is in direct contradiction with the above sentence.

| Name  |  Type |  Comment |
|---|---|---|
| **message**| string  |  |

> |  **from** |  string |  |

Reviewer: Extra leading space.
